number 5
the saga of resident level has left
mark in this world since 1996 the
first three successes of this franchise
they were amazing who played them
will remember the moments when the
game left us pale with fright by
example the hamsters
colombian
bayern munich to the severe ones with their
casual tickets through the window
ah
the zombies in the windows
i
and of course in level 3 networks
always this happened
over the years it was
evolving until you reach a shooter
in the third person have also been taken out
the remix of the first installment and the
Westin debut is given
I certainly look forward to the
following deliveries of this saga
number 4
the walking dead ' has been and continues to be
one of my favorite games with the best
plot action suspense and sadness in his
history is like watching a series of
zombies with the exception that you
you can handle the main character and
your decisions affect the development of
the story
your characters your dialogue your
expressions are very realistic and the
time to make life decisions or
death
the player comes across a very dilemma
complicated and in certain cases stressful
with the start of the second season
the adventures and situations are every time
more exciting
my favorite game with the best story of
zombies and the position 4 of this list
number 3
Outlast renewed the way to play
like other games called amnesia
and slender since in them the players
they have to survive without any weapons and
go around the game running away or
hiding from the enemy
puts us in a state of alert to everything
also when collecting batteries
for the night-time conviction camera
that without it , it is difficult for us to see
darkness making the fire a
true challenge
a dlc of this title is already removed and
answers some questions of origin
of the same
a great body
number 2
maybe a bit of controversy was created in
my video for putting dead space after
others but the reason for this is that dead
space is my favorite game of
alien survival for many
things between them is their story their
environment enemies and characters from the
first delivery leaves many things to
air with its end in the second installment
it also leaves a bit of mystery and in the
third leaves you wanting more or good
in my case that happened
dead space a third person shooter
which develops in space and
player is faced with a great
variety of mutated aliens
unfortunately the company that did
this game did not get enough
gains to continue this trilogy
but it is said that the developers do not
they plan to leave the trilogy there
and maybe in the future we will see new
deliveries of these great games
all
number 1
This title has not yet come out but soon
the players will be facing a new
survival horror to all rule the
producer of this game is the same as
the review and bud and is receiving
good reviews have already taken demos
from him and from what I've seen this game
will be different in the fields of
terror and playability your enemies and your
environment give an uncomfortable feeling and
troubling for the player this causes
that creates a perspective of fear and
anguish that's what I liked about this
title its launch is in august and
I will be there to see it
and nothing else to see it because there is no money
I have hopes that de evín
whiting is an excellent game
good until my top has arrived if the
video you liked please do not forget
give a like and share it with your
friends if you have not subscribed subscribe
so receive notifications every time
that upload a new video you can leave me
in the description your opinion about this
pretty video for the videos that are
down here you will not regret it and many
thanks for everything see you